---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: not911
---

<div class="p-5">
<h1 class="leading-tight text-blue-1 mb-1 font-bold d:pr-5 mb-4">
  Privacy Policy
</h1>
<p>
Emergent Works built the Not 911 app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
Emergent Works at no cost and is intended for use as is.
</p>
<p>
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our
policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
</p>
<p>
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Not 911 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
</p>
<p><strong>Information Collection and Use</strong></p>
<p>We don’t collect or log any of your personal info, period.</p>
<p><strong>Cookies</strong></p>
<p>
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
stored on your device's internal memory.
</p>
<p>
This Service does not use any “cookies”. We do not track you in any way.
</p>
<p><strong>Security</strong></p> <p>
We value your trust in providing us your
Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
</p>
<p><strong>Links to Other Sites</strong></p> <p>
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
services.
</p>
<p><strong>Children’s Privacy</strong></p> <p>
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone. We do not store or log any personally identifiable information, nor do we have the means to at this time.
</p>
<p><strong>Changes to This Privacy Policy</strong></p> <p>
We may update our Privacy Policy from
time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
this page.
</p>
<p>This policy is effective as of 2020-07-28</p>
<p><strong>Contact Us</strong></p> <p>
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hello@emergentworks.org.
</p>
<p>
This privacy policy page was created at
<a href="https://privacypolicytemplate.net" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">privacypolicytemplate.net</a>
and modified/generated by
<a href="https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">App Privacy Policy Generator</a></p>
</div>
